README.md, before:

# Statistics
- [Libraries](Libraries.md)

## [Probability Theory](Probability/README.md)
- [Bayes' Theorem](Probability/Bayes'%20Theorem.md)
- [Conjugate Priors](Probability/Conjugate%20Priors.md)

## Descriptive Statistics
- Dispersion
  - [Variance](Descriptive/Dispersion/Variance.md)

## [Multivariate Statistics](Multivariate/README.md)
- [Random Vectors and Matrices](Multivariate/Random%20Vectors%20and%20Matrices.md)
- [Multivariate Normal Distribution](Multivariate/Multivariate%20Normal%20Distribution.md)

### [Data Preprocessing](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/README.md)
- [Data Quality](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Data%20Quality/README.md)
  - [Missing Values](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Data%20Quality/Missing%20Values.md)
- [Dimensionality Reduction](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/README.md)
  - [Principal Component Analysis](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/Principal%20Component%20Analysis.md)
  - [UV-Decomposition](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/UV-Decomposition.md)
  - [Manifold Learning](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/Manifold%20Learning/README.md)
    - [Multidimensional Scaling](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/Manifold%20Learning/Multidimensional%20Scaling.md)
- [Feature Engineering](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Feature%20Engineering/README.md)
  - [Polynomial Feature Transform](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Feature%20Engineering/Polynomial%20Feature%20Transform.md)
  - [Featuretools](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Feature%20Engineering/Featuretools.md)

### [Classification](Multivariate/Classification/README.md)
- [Classification Assessment](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/README.md)
  - [Performance Measures](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Performance%20Measures.md)
    - [Positive and Negative Predictive Values](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Positive%20and%20Negative%20Predictive%20Values.md)
  - [Model Evaluation](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Model%20Evaluation.md)
    - [Model Overfitting](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Model%20Overfitting.md)
  - [Receiver Operating Characteristic Analysis](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Receiver%20Operating%20Characteristic%20Analysis.md)
- Probabilistic Classification
  - [Bayes Classifier](Multivariate/Classification/Probabilistic/Bayes%20Classifier.md)
- [Decision Tree Classifier](Multivariate/Classification/Decision%20Tree%20Classifier/README.md)
  - [Random Forest](Multivariate/Classification/Decision%20Tree%20Classifier/Random%20Forest.md)
- [Support Vector Machine](Multivariate/Classification/Support%20Vector%20Machine/README.md)

### [Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/README.md)
- Representative-based Clustering
  - [K-means Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Representative-based/K-means.md)
  - [Expectation-Maximization Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Representative-based/Expectation-Maximization%20Clustering.md)
- Density-based Clustering
  - [DBSCAN](Multivariate/Clustering/Density-based/DBSCAN.md)
- [Hierarchical Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Hierarchical/README.md)
  - [Agglomerative Hierarchical Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Hierarchical/Agglomerative%20Hierarchical%20Clustering.md)
- Fuzzy Clustering
  - [Fuzzy C-means Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Fuzzy/Fuzzy%20C-means%20Clustering.md)
- [Clustering Validation](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/README.md)
  - [External Measures](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/External%20Measures.md)
  - [Internal Measures](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/Internal%20Measures.md)
  - [Relative Measures](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/Relative%20Measures.md)

### Structured Prediction
- Conditional Random Fields
  - [使用线性条件随机场实现中文分词](Multivariate/Structured%20Prediction/CRF/使用线性条件随机场实现中文分词.md)

Commit message:

Multivariate: Migrate association analysis from Obsidian

README.md, after:

# Statistics
- [Libraries](Libraries.md)

## [Probability Theory](Probability/README.md)
- [Bayes' Theorem](Probability/Bayes'%20Theorem.md)
- [Conjugate Priors](Probability/Conjugate%20Priors.md)

## Descriptive Statistics
- Dispersion
  - [Variance](Descriptive/Dispersion/Variance.md)

## [Multivariate Statistics](Multivariate/README.md)
- [Random Vectors and Matrices](Multivariate/Random%20Vectors%20and%20Matrices.md)
- [Multivariate Normal Distribution](Multivariate/Multivariate%20Normal%20Distribution.md)

### [Data Preprocessing](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/README.md)
- [Data Quality](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Data%20Quality/README.md)
  - [Missing Values](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Data%20Quality/Missing%20Values.md)
- [Dimensionality Reduction](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/README.md)
  - [Principal Component Analysis](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/Principal%20Component%20Analysis.md)
  - [UV-Decomposition](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/UV-Decomposition.md)
  - [Manifold Learning](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/Manifold%20Learning/README.md)
    - [Multidimensional Scaling](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Dimensionality%20Reduction/Manifold%20Learning/Multidimensional%20Scaling.md)
- [Feature Engineering](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Feature%20Engineering/README.md)
  - [Polynomial Feature Transform](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Feature%20Engineering/Polynomial%20Feature%20Transform.md)
  - [Featuretools](Multivariate/Data%20Preprocessing/Feature%20Engineering/Featuretools.md)

### [Classification](Multivariate/Classification/README.md)
- [Classification Assessment](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/README.md)
  - [Performance Measures](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Performance%20Measures.md)
    - [Positive and Negative Predictive Values](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Positive%20and%20Negative%20Predictive%20Values.md)
  - [Model Evaluation](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Model%20Evaluation.md)
    - [Model Overfitting](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Model%20Overfitting.md)
  - [Receiver Operating Characteristic Analysis](Multivariate/Classification/Classification%20Assessment/Receiver%20Operating%20Characteristic%20Analysis.md)
- Probabilistic Classification
  - [Bayes Classifier](Multivariate/Classification/Probabilistic/Bayes%20Classifier.md)
- [Decision Tree Classifier](Multivariate/Classification/Decision%20Tree%20Classifier/README.md)
  - [Random Forest](Multivariate/Classification/Decision%20Tree%20Classifier/Random%20Forest.md)
- [Support Vector Machine](Multivariate/Classification/Support%20Vector%20Machine/README.md)

### [Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/README.md)
- Representative-based Clustering
  - [K-means Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Representative-based/K-means.md)
  - [Expectation-Maximization Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Representative-based/Expectation-Maximization%20Clustering.md)
- Density-based Clustering
  - [DBSCAN](Multivariate/Clustering/Density-based/DBSCAN.md)
- [Hierarchical Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Hierarchical/README.md)
  - [Agglomerative Hierarchical Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Hierarchical/Agglomerative%20Hierarchical%20Clustering.md)
- Fuzzy Clustering
  - [Fuzzy C-means Clustering](Multivariate/Clustering/Fuzzy/Fuzzy%20C-means%20Clustering.md)
- [Clustering Validation](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/README.md)
  - [External Measures](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/External%20Measures.md)
  - [Internal Measures](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/Internal%20Measures.md)
  - [Relative Measures](Multivariate/Clustering/Validation/Relative%20Measures.md)

### Association Analysis
- [Itemset and Association Rule](Multivariate/Association%20Analysis/Itemset%20and%20Association%20Rule.md)
- [Itemset Mining](Multivariate/Association%20Analysis/Itemset%20Mining.md)
- [Association Rule Mining](Multivariate/Association%20Analysis/Association%20Rule%20Mining.md)
- [Compact Representation of Itemsets](Multivariate/Association%20Analysis/Compact%20Representation%20of%20Itemsets.md)
- Assessment
  - [Objective Measures of Interestingness](Multivariate/Association%20Analysis/Assessment/Objective%20Measures%20of%20Interestingness.md)

### Structured Prediction
- Conditional Random Fields
  - [使用线性条件随机场实现中文分词](Multivariate/Structured%20Prediction/CRF/使用线性条件随机场实现中文分词.md)
